+++
title = "COMP 2121 - Discrete Mathematics"
date = "2017-01-26T00:15:11-08:00"

categories = [
  "Term 2"
]

tags = [
  "Discrete Math",
  "Proofs"
]

author = "GentleBrute"
taken-on = "September, 2014"
instructor = "Goran Ruzic"
+++

All in all, not that bad of a course. It's essential that you go to all the labs and lectures though, if you fail to attend them, it gets pretty difficult to pass as Goran teaches at a decently fast pace. What you learn in this course is pretty important though as you will see some of these things again in Algorithms (3rd term) and Computer Graphics (4th semester).

For the weekly labs, there was always a quiz (which was brutal if you have them at 830am). The quizzes were pretty straight forward and only contained a question or two. Make sure you arrive on time for the class because Goran doesn't wait for anyone and just gives you a 0 instead. Then there was always a lab worksheet that everyone would just slowly work through. There wasn't much homework that you'd go home and do really so it was pretty relaxing because of that. We did get some assignments, which you can do in a pair so they weren't something anyone would get stuck on either.

The exams were a bit tricky however, probably the hardest part of this course. I personally thought the final was brutal because it was cumulative therefore it contained questions that you would like in the first few weeks(factorials, etc.) and they'd be combined with the things you learned in the last couple weeks. If you didn't struggle much with factorials and permutations chapters then you should be able to get 80%+ easy. The hardest part is just going over all the material again.
