+++

title = "BUSA 2720 - Business in a Networked Economy"
description = ""
date = "2016-12-21T22:44:36-08:00"
categories = [
    "Term 1"
]
instructor = "Peter Morgan"
taken-on = "January, 2014"
author = "GentleBrute"
+++

This course can be pretty challenging if you don't have the right resources. The instructor tries to make sure that everyone passes (because he hates doing the paperwork when someone fails), but the challenge is to do well in this course. Majority of the marks come from quizzes, and exams. This course is completely based on the textbook that he uses, and he'll show you a lot of videos in lectures (half the lectures consist of these. Most the assignments are based on the videos so you can either watch them or get your friend who went to summarize it for you ;). Your primary focus should be the textbook.

His lectures are super boring, really hard to stay focused but the good news is you don't have to! You don't even need to show up to them. The labs, however, are pretty useful and he summarizes all the useful stuff. His powerpoint notes are quite useful, they summarize all the chapters from the textbook pretty well.

So finally, the question you all might be asking, how does one ace this exam? The answer is simple but a bit expensive. All the quiz questions and exam questions are recycled from the textbook so all you need to do is get your hands on the test bank, and if you can't do that, then buy one. Even if this changes, you can't go wrong with it as you will get a lot of practice out of it. I'd recommend buying it as a set and everyone can throw in a bit to cover the costs!

If this is unethical to you then I would recommend going through his notes and the textbook if you want to get above 80% in this course. There is a lot of reading you'd have to do so I don't know if dedicating this much time into this course would be worth it that much.
