+++
description = ""
date = "2016-12-21T18:28:09-08:00"
categories = [
    "Term 1"
]
tags = [
    "java"
]
title = "COMP 1510 - Programming Methods"

+++

Many people see this course to be extremely easy, however, I found it to be very difficult when I first started at BCIT. I failed the midterm but that doesn't mean you need to. This is just a beginner's java course however, many struggle with it and many get above 90%. It all depends on the amount of time you are willing to put into it. I'm going to tell you the things you should spend your time on and what you shouldn't below.

#### Assignments & Labs

It's quite easy to get 100% on all the labs and assignments, I remember they provide you to run tests on your program with some scripts to see if your program passes them or not. Never should you ever be handing in a program that doesn't pass in those tests at the very least.

Now, these might seem difficult at first and they are somewhat but as long as you know your basics, you'll do fine in it. Also try to get a group of friends going, if you don't understand something, ask others. If no one understands that one thing, ask the lab instructor. And if that fails, then ask Bruce. (Bruce is the instructor of this course, he's been teaching it for a very long time and I'm assuming he'll continue to do this). There are also some quizzes but the quizzes test very basic things that are taught in the previous week in lectures, if you spend a little time on it you'll for sure ace it.

#### Midterm

The midterm caught be by surprise because I started memorizing code to do the exam, I thought most of the exam would consist of us actually writing small chunks of code. I was very wrong...haha. It was a mixture of Multiple Choice, True & False, and Short Answers. And it was heavily based on the first few chapters.

1. Multiple Choice and True & False
    * from what I hear, apparently these are taken out of the book's test bank questions so maybe give that a shot if you are really nervous about the exam!
2. Short Answers
    * these consisted of very basic things such as: name all the primitive types, what kind of loops are there, etc.
    * not meant to be tricky questions but if you're just memorizing stuff then I'm not sure how well you'll do on this portion

#### Final

The Final was actually quite easy if you do all your labs, assignments and actually understand what's going on rather than just making your program work. It had the same layout as our midterm but this time the short answers were asking us to write small chunks of code. This may sound like it can be really difficult but honestly, it's not all that hard. If you get stuck on a question, at least write down something, maybe the function header, declare the variables so you can get some part marks! If you want to ace this section then I'd suggest doing some interview algorithm questions. https://leetcode.com/ is a great place to try out these type of questions. Just do some of the easy ones and if you can figure those out then you can ace this exam no problem.


Remember this course is worth 7 credits so it weighs **A LOT** on your GPA, so dedicate the most amount of hours into this! But if you still happen to do poorly in this course, it's not the end of the road because some people (like me) just need more time than others to get a hold of the basics.
