+++

title = "COMP 1536 - Introduction to Web Development"
description = ""
date = "2016-12-21T22:35:57-08:00"
categories = [
    "Term 1"
]
tags = [
    "javascript",
    "html5",
    "php",
    "ajax"
]
instructor = "Benjamin Yu"
taken-on = "January, 2014"

+++

This course was fairly easy but just a bit annoying at times. http://www.w3schools.com is probably your best friend during this course. This is a very simple course that mainly deals with HTML5 and CSS. JavaScript, AJAX, and PHP are also introduced but they aren't the core focus of this course.

When I was doing this with Ben, we had weekly labs and forum discussions. The labs could be done in pairs and they were very straight forward. No reading is required, when you run into a problem you just google it and figure it out. Our midterm and final consisted of multiple choices and short answers. The short answers usually required you to write small chunks of code e.g. "use inline css to give this text a colour of blue", "write code to create a table with 2 cols and 2 rows in html", etc. Pretty straight forward stuff.

If you have Ben for this course, I'd suggest not panicking when it comes to the exams. He usually assigned us a lot of chapters before the exam but we were never actually tested on them. If you feel you haven't been taught something thoroughly then most likely it won't show up on the exam (at least the written part for sure).

Ben usually teaches this course for the winter intakes and Medhat teaches it for the fall intakes. I'm not sure how Medhat teaches this course but I've had Medhat for other exams and he usually keeps it simple. Pay attention to his lectures, whenever he's doing some demonstration, take notes and you'll be fine when it comes to quizzes and exams.
